docs: update error recovery options table (#18911)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/flex-manual/docs/software-operation.md

labware.</figcaption>
</figure>

<!-- commenting this, no image, TK placeholder text below
<figure class="screenshot" markdown>
TK image of 8.4 LPC
<figcaption>Summary of new labware offsets ready to be applied to a protocol.</figcaption>
</figure>

> -->

Reviewer: I think this is covered by the changes you made in #18900, so we can delete this comment and everything within it.

Flex provides a protocol recovery path for the following error conditions.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Error type</th>
      <th style="width: 30%;">Description</th>
      <th>Recovery options</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>No liquid detected</td>
      <td>Occurs when a pipette encounters an empty well and expects a liquid to be present.</td>
      <td>
        <ul>

>           <li>Manually fill the empty well retry with the same tips.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <li>Manually fill the empty well and retry with the same tips.</li>
```

          <li>Manually fill the empty well and retry with new tips.</li>

>           <li>Manually refill well and skip to the next step.</li>

Reviewer: For consistency:
```suggestion
          <li>Manually fill the empty well and skip to the next step.</li>
```
